The human body is made up of approximately how much water?
What is the world’s fastest species of bird?
Which artist famously cut off his own ear?
Which of the following was the first horror movie to be nominated for 'Best Picture' at the Oscars?
Danny is warned to stay away from which of the following hotel rooms in Stanley Kubrick's adaptation of 'The Shining'?
Spongebob lives in what fruit under the sea?
What is the name of the undersea city-state that Spongebob lives in?
The most famous Spider-Man quote, "With great power there must also come great responsibility” is attributed to what character?
What American city is used as a stand in for Gotham in director Christopher Nolan’s Dark Knight trilogy?
Who says the line ‘Some people are worth melting for’ in frozen?
Which brand of chips was originally invented in Disneyland, 1964?
Kimchi is a Korean dish typically made with which fermented vegetable?
Which of these vegetables was the first to be grown in space?
According to popular legend, which vegetable is thought to repel vampires?
A Hawaiian pizza is topped with which tropical fruit?
Which superheroes famously love pizza?
"When they go low, we go high" is by ...
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new" is by ...
"If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen" is by ..
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be" is by ...
"You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take" is orignally said by ...
“Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I’m not sure about the former” is by ...
What was the first mobile phone with internet connectivity?
If you dug a hole through the center of the Earth from Wellington, New Zealand, in which European country would you emerge?
In the Harry Potter book and film series, Professor Dumbledore’s name comes from the Old English word for what creature?
What is the term for a group of turkeys?
What was the first animal sent into Space?
What is the largest museum of fine art as defined by available gallery space?
The Portrait of Lisa Gherardini is the alternate title of what world-famous painting?
Red is often associated with anger. Which colour is associated with envy?
Before the ill-fated Titanic struck an iceberg and sunk on April 14, 1912 what was the ship’s intended destination?
Which country uses the rupee as its currency?
International Women’s Day is celebrated on which date in March?
Where is the Bermuda Triangle located?
What is the world's largest fish?
What makes up the majority of what a panda eats?
Which planet in our Solar System has the most moons?
Which chemical element gives Mars its distinctive red color?
What precious metal has the chemical symbol Au?
Which of the human organs below is capable of regeneration?
How long does it take for the Moon to travel around the Earth?
Which of these shows follows a group of surgical interns on their path to becoming doctors?
Anosmia is ... 
What is the name of the tree made famous in the Harry Potter series?
The existence of black holes was predicted by which eminent scientist’s ‘Theory of General Relativity’?
A total solar eclipse occurs when ...
A light year is the distance travelled by light in how many Earth years?
Our planet sits within the Solar System which sits within a galaxy. What is this galaxy called?
Which planet in the Solar System is furthest from the Sun?
Thor is the god of war and fertility in what mythology?
Which of these is known as the “love” hormone?
To go to the city of love, which country must a person visit?
Which of these does not mean “I love you”?
Which singer, who had a hit with "rolling in the deep"is?
In the solar system, which planet is known for its rings?
What is the name of the actor who plays Harry Potter in the movies?
What is the name of the spacecraft that took the first men to the moon?
The Mad Hatter and the Cheshire Cat are characters in which famous book?
Maroon and scarlet are shades of what color?
Tacos and guacamole are popular foods from which country?
What’s the highest title for a chess player?
What is the Latin for 'I play'?
What colours are the pieces in Connect Four?
In Chess, what is the only piece that can’t move backwards?
Spongebob’s boss is what type of sea creature?
What spell did Harry Potter use to kill Lord Voldemort?
What is Dory's catchphrase in Finding Nemo ?
